README.md, before:

# auto-export-repo-to-chatgpt
This is an ai generated project that helps turn an entire repo into a big gist that chatgpt can consume


:The current dir of the project: # all combined, show me the project folder structure tree with all the files in it, for both the server and the extension client
```
repo-gist/
├── repoGist.py
└── setup.py
```

:This repo was generated using chatGPT and is actively maintained by it: 
This is the README.md of the repo
This is an ai generated project that helps turn an entire repo into a big gist that chatgpt can consume

write this program, do it in python, run it on the current directory, the script should print out and save the gist locally. Have it to read all of the files in my current working directory (when running this script), it is already cloned locally, no need for github apis, show me the entire edited script. make sure the output is well formatted, each piece of code should be clearly indicated which path and file it belongs to (as headers, as comments). add a tree dir representation at the end of the gist (in a comment)

Commit message:

GOOD VERSION The file "~/auto-repo-gist.gist.md" has been saved.

README.md, after:

# auto-export-repo-to-chatgpt
This is an ai generated project that helps turn an entire repo into a big gist that chatgpt can consume


:The current dir of the project: # all combined, show me the project folder structure tree with all the files in it
```
├── FollowThrough.md
├── README.md
├── Test
│   ├── B
│   │   └── t.text
│   └── Yo.txt
├── auto-repo-gist.gist.md
├── repoGist.py
└── setup.py
```

:This repo was generated using chatGPT and is actively maintained by it: 
This is the README.md of the repo
This is an ai generated project that helps turn an entire repo into a big gist that chatgpt can consume

write this program, do it in python, run it on the current directory, the script should print out and save the gist locally. Have it to read all of the files in my current working directory (when running this script), it is already cloned locally, no need for github apis, show me the entire edited script. make sure the output is well formatted, each piece of code should be clearly indicated which path and file it belongs to (as headers, as comments). add a tree dir representation at the end of the gist (in a comment)
